Pet Parent Agreement

I, hereby certify that my dog(s), is/are in good health, have not been ill with any communicable diseases or parasites in the last 30 days, and have not harmed or shown aggressive or threatening behavior towards any person or any other dog. I also have read and understand and agree to the following:

1. Inherent Risks of Play, Spa & Grooming. I understand that Throw Me A Bone is an open-play environment and because of this there are inherent risks, which even when closely monitored, may result in the following:

a. Transfer of communicable parasites or an illness such as, but not limited to, the canine papilloma virus also known as “puppy warts,” or an upper respiratory illness like Kennel Cough, which can be caused by a contagious bacteria or virus.

b. Injuries, usually benign, such as broken nails, sore pads, puncture wounds, abrasions and cuts, particularly in shorter coated breeds, etc.

c. Behavioral problems.

I also understand that if my dog(s) has/have spa or grooming services, my dog(s) is/are at inherent risk for skin irritation, shampoo in eyes, risk of cuts, nicks, scratches, cutting of the nail quick, etc.


2. Pet Health Issues While at Throw Me A Bone. If health or behavioral problems develop with my dog(s), that these will be treated as deemed best by the staff of Throw Me A Bone within their sole discretion, and that I assume full financial responsibility for any and all expenses involved. If my dog(s) become(s) ill or injured, or is suspected to be ill or injured, or if for any other reason veterinary care is indicated, I authorize Throw Me A Bone to seek and provide veterinary care from my designated veterinarian or a veterinarian of their choice. If my dog's condition is emergent, I understand Throw Me A Bone will seek care at the closest veterinarian office location. During my absence, Throw Me A Bone will be caring for my dog. In the event of an emergency, I authorize the release of all medical records pertaining to the medical needs of my dog(s) to Throw Me A Bone, Inc. and all subsidiaries. I give representatives of Throw Me A Bone authorization to communicate with said veterinarian regarding, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment of my dog(s).

In the rare and unfortunate event that my dog becomes deceased while in Throw Me A Bone's care, my dog will be taken to my designated veterinarian and maintained for pick-up or further instruction. If a necropsy is performed, I give permission for the veterinarian to release any and all findings to Throw Me A Bone, Inc. and all subsidiaries.

3. Liability Release. Throw Me A Bone and their team will not be liable for any health or behavioral problems that develop in my dog(s), and I hereby release them of any liability of any kind whatsoever arising from my dog(s) attendance and participation at Throw Me A Bone. I am solely responsible for any harm, including to any other dog(s), to the employees or invitees of Throw Me A Bone, or to the equipment, physical plant, or other property of Throw Me A Bone, caused by my dog(s) while my dog(s) is/are attending Throw Me A Bone.

4. Preventative Maintenance Commitment. I agree to maintain regular flea, tick, and heartworm preventative maintenance programs for as long as my dog(s) has/have active attendance and participation at Throw Me A Bone.

5. Crate Training. I authorize my dog(s) to be placed in a crate during boarding and/or daycare.

6. Photography Release. Photographs or other graphic, sound, or other image, likeness, recording, etc., may be made of my dog(s) by Throw Me A Bone and that such may be used for any purpose without compensation, and I release to Throw Me A Bone all rights that I may possess or claim to such image, likeness, recording, etc.

7. Fees & Payments. Payment is required when services are rendered. If any amounts remain due after 30 days, Throw Me A Bone reserves the right to impose interest at the rate of 1.5% per month until paid. If Throw Me A Bone pursues collection proceedings, I will pay reasonable attorney's fees and costs of collection.

8. Hours of Operations & Late Pick-Up Fees. Please refer to our brochure or website for store hours. We reserve the right to impose a late fee for dogs picked up after regular business hours. If your dog is not picked-up within 30 minutes of closing, we will assume that you are boarding and will impose an overnight boarding charge.

9. By Typing Your Name Below below I agree to the terms and conditions as presented here on this form. 
