

SERVICE AGREEMENT (v 2.1)


REQUIREMENTS FOR USING OUR SERVICES

Every client must complete the client registration online through PetExec software system for services at The Canine Corner LLC (The Canine Corner). This process includes reading these terms of service and electronically signing this Service Agreement. Each dog must have current vaccinations as required by the NYC Department of Health and have proper identification tags at all times. Dogs admitted to The Canine Corner must pass a temperament test administrated by our staff. The staff at The Canine Corner has the sole discretion to deny admittance for any of our services if the dog does not pass the temperament test. Safety for your dog, other dogs and our staff is our primary concern given our open off-leash environment.

PICK UP & DROP OFF POLICY

The Canine Corner’s business hours are posted on our website (thecaninecorner.com) and storefront of The Canine Corner at 303 Court Street, Brooklyn, NY 11231. Holidays and holiday hours are posted on our website. You must pick up your dog by no later than the closing time. Provided that our reception staff is available past closing, there will be a late pickup fee up to 15 min past closing. If you have not picked up your dog after 15 minutes, they will go into boarding and you will be charged for a night of boarding in addition to any daycare charges you incurred or may incur the following day.

OVERNIGHT BOARDING

Boarding fees are based on any overnight period up to 24 hours. After the 24 hour period, normal daycare fees will apply for a partial day. For example, if you drop your dog off at 8am on Wednesday and pick up your dog at 1pm on Friday, you will be charged for two 24 hour boarding periods (from 8am Wednesday to 8am Friday) and half day daycare (for Friday from 8am to 1pm). Playdates are up to 2 hours, half day is up to 5 hours and full day is any duration past 5 hours till close.

RESERVATIONS

We require reservations for boarding and grooming be made through our reception staff (not online on PetExec). Reservations for daycare are recommended and can be made via our online PetExec system.

CANCELLATIONS

All daycare reservations must be cancelled via our online PetExec system at least 24 hours before your dog’s scheduled arrival. Boarding reservations must be canceled via The Canine Corner reception staff at least 48 hours prior. Grooming reservations must be canceled via The Canine Corner reception staff at least 24 hours prior to appointment time. If the reservations are not properly cancelled within the allocated time frame, The Canine Corner reserves the right to charge you a cancellation fee. Cancellation fee for daycare is full charge at prevailing rate for reservation (playdate, half day or full day respectively). Boarding cancellation fee is a full 24 hour period at prevailing rate for reservations canceled less than 48 hours and two full 24 hour periods at prevailing rate for no shows. Grooming cancellation fee is $25 if cancelled less than 24 hours from the scheduled arrival time and a fee equal to the cost of grooming for any no show. This will be subject to the discretion of the staff at The Canine Corner.

HOLIDAYS and HOLIDAY RESERVATIONS/CANCELLATION

Please note our boarding and daycare rates have additional fees on the following holidays: New Year's Day, New Year’s Eve, Easter, Memorial Day Weekend, Presidents Day, Independence Day, Labor Day Weekend, Thanksgiving & Black Friday, Christmas Eve and Christmas Day. There is a 50% NON-REFUNDABLE holiday reservation fee for boarding on all holidays booked at prevailing holiday rate. This will be due no later than 14 days prior to reservation and will be applied to card on file, if not prepaid at time of reservation.

PAYMENT

Payment is required in full before your dog leaves The Canine Corner. You can edit and save credit card information at any time on our online PetExec system, as well as designate Primary Card to be used for faster checkout. We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. We do not accept checks. Payment history is also available online for your convenience.

PACKAGES

Packages are available for daycare services for both half day and full day (playdates are not available as packages). Package prices are based on discount from standard day by day rate due to prepayment for ten or twenty days. Packages must be used in 365 days from date of purchase.

COLLARS & LEASHES

All dogs must arrive with suitably fitted collar or harness, leash and have proper identification tag, rabies tag and NYC dog license while at The Canine Corner. The Canine Corner reserves the right to use another type of collar and/or leash if appropriate to ensure the safety of your dog while at The Canine Corner.

ABANDONMENT

If your dog is not picked up within 5 days of scheduled pick-up in either daycare, boarding or grooming, we will make every effort to locate you, additional owner and emergency contact in PetExec. If we are unable to locate those individual listed on your Personal Info page of Account Details in PetExec, we will assume your dog has been abandoned. If your dog has been abandoned, we will make every effort to find your dog a suitable home. You will be responsible for any additional boarding, feeding, veterinary and additional expenses incurred by The Canine Corner.

INJURIES, ILLNESSES and DOG HEALTH

While safety is our first priority at The Canine Corner, injuries can occur as a result of socialization, play, exercise and interaction. If your dog is injured in our care for any reason, depending on the extent of the injury and if said injury requires medical attention, we will take your dog to one of the local veterinary hospitals and/or emergency veterinary hospitals near The Canine Corner. We will also attempt to contact you and attempt to reach your personal veterinarian to apprise them of the injury prior to any medical attention. If we can't reach you, or in the case of an emergency, you authorize The Canine Corner to serve as your agent and agree that The Canine Corner may seek veterinary care and make healthcare decisions. You hereby knowingly, and with informed consent, authorize the release of all veterinary records to The Canine Corner for any medical treatment received by your dog in possible connection with services at The Canine Corner.

If your dog, while under the supervision of The Canine Corner staff, bites another dog, and such bite requires veterinary care, The Canine Corner will contact the owner of the bitten dog. You must provide any medical information necessary for the health and safety of the bitten dog. The Canine Corner will not be liable for any injuries to others or their dogs if it appears that a client has willfully or negligently omitted information that potentially poses a risk to other dogs, clients or staff.

In the event your dog is involved in an incident where a person has been bitten, you hereby authorize The Canine Corner to release your name and contact information to any party involved in the incident and/or the appropriate governmental authority as required by law. You agree to defend and indemnify The Canine Corner for any claims, damages, or costs arising out of or related to any such incident.

The Canine Corner will not be liable for any medical expenses related to any natural illnesses or accidental injury requiring veterinary services while in our care. We will make every attempt to contact you to discuss prior to seeking veterinary care, but it will be at the sole discretion of The Canine Corner if such veterinary care is required. There will be a charge for both staff time and medical expense reimbursement in these circumstances.

All dogs using our services must be healthy. We will not admit any dog that we believe may be a risk to other animals in our care. The staff at The Canine Corner has the sole discretion to determine whether a dog is ill and may be a potential risk to other dogs. It is the responsibility of the client to inform the staff at The Canine Corner of any health related issues affecting your dog. This is to ensure that an informed decision can be made to best care for your dog. Clients that do not inform us in a timely fashion of any health concerns and knowingly bring their dog for daycare, boarding or grooming, while ill and do not make all efforts possible to timely remove their dog from the facility will be subject to a surcharge, the amount of which is subject to the discretion of the staff at The Canine Corner. It is also the discretion of The Canine Corner to deny future services and forfeit remaining unused portion of any daycare packages, boarding packages and/or account credit if it is thought that said illness is due to an intentional or negligent omission by the client.

WALKS

All dogs registered for a full day of daycare will have an afternoon walk. This ensures not only that dogs have time outside, are healthy and relaxed, but also prevents any sanitation issues. Accidents that occur inside The Canine Corner will be cleaned and disinfected immediately thereby providing a clean and sanitary environment in the daycare. If your dog is boarding overnight at The Canine Corner, morning, afternoon and evening walks will be provided.

VACCINATIONS

We require all dogs to be currently vaccinated against Rabies, DHPP (distemper, hepatitis (adevnovirus), parainfluenza, and parvo) and Bordatella per NYC Department of Health. The Canine Corner staff has right to refuse services if vaccinations are not up to date and client assumes responsibility for any fees imposed by NYC due to client not providing accurate medical records.

Please consult with your veterinarian to ensure your dog has the proper vaccine coverage. Please note for puppies this means your puppy must have their full set of vaccinations before they are admitted to The Canine Corner. A current copy of your dog’s vaccinations from your veterinarian must be provided to The Canine Corner. We keep records of your dog’s vaccination expiration dates to help you keep your dog current with his/her vaccinations.

While uncommon, it is still possible for vaccinated dogs to become ill with an infectious condition despite being vaccinated. You agree that you will not hold The Canine Corner liable in the event your dog becomes ill with an infectious condition during or after services.

NEUTERED or SPAYED

Our guideline is that all dogs, six months or older, be neutered or spayed before they come to The Canine Corner. Our utmost priority is safety of all dogs and staff.  There are breeds, and specific cases, which need additional time to develop prior to neuter or spay. Unneutered or unspayed younger dogs, whom have not yet come of age, will be evaluated on a case by case basis. Any medical exceptions must be requested prior to bringing any unaltered dog in for services and are also evaluated on a case by case basis.

FLEA & TICK PROTECTION

Your dog is required to be flea and tick free prior to entering The Canine Corner for any service, inclusive of daycare, boarding and grooming. The staff at The Canine Corner reserves the right to refuse service if we feel your dog may be infected with fleas, ticks or any other infestations that could spread to other dogs.

PHOTOGRAPHY & VIDEO

All photographs and videos taken of your dog(s) is the property of The Canine Corner. The Canine Corner and its affiliates reserve the perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free right and license to publish, distribute, adapt, modify, or otherwise use the photographs and videos, or any portion thereof, in any manner for any commercial or non-commercial purpose without notice to you/your review or approval including but not limited to Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, brochures, flyers, displays, advertisements, web sites and business cards for the promotion and advertising of The Canine Corner and its affiliates.

FOOD & FEEDING

You must provide your own food to maintain a consistent diet for your dog, as altering a dog’s food abruptly is likely to cause gastrointestinal issues that will make your dog’s stay less comfortable. If your dog is boarding at The Canine Corner, we recommend you provide sufficient additional food in the event that you are delayed while traveling. If sufficient food is not provided, The Canine Corner will make every effort to find your dog’s particular brand of food or match the food as closely as possible at an additional charge. There will be a charge for both staff time and food cost reimbursement in these circumstances. There is an additional charge for lunch/dinner provided for daycare as well as additional charge for boarding lunch (breakfast and dinner feeding is included in boarding rate).

ALLERGIES & MEDICATIONS

It is the responsibility of the client to inform The Canine Corner of any and all allergies your dog(s) may currently have or had in the past. This includes but is not limited to allergies to food, grooming products, cleaning supplies and medications.

If your dog is on any medication, that information must also be provided to the staff at The Canine Corner. If medication is to be administered while your dog is under the care of The Canine Corner, either for boarding, daycare or grooming, the medication must be provided by the client. The client must also provide information on dosage and time of administration for said medication(s). Please note there is a charge based on level of medication administration for those services while your dog is at The Canine Corner.

All clients are required to complete an online form for each dog before a dog is admitted to The Canine Corner. This is located in PetExec under Account Details and Pet info. If any of the information on the Allergies, Medication Preferences or Medication Times section of the registration form changes from the initial registration date, it is the responsibility of the client to provide The Canine Corner with current information on your dog(s) allergies and/or medications.

GROOMING

You agree that The Canine Corner is not responsible for any known or unknown pre-existing or degenerative medical conditions (or the aggravation of such conditions) such as heart disease, arthritis, intervertebral disc disease (IVDD), cruciate ligament tears, brachycephalic syndrome, infections, or any other medical problem that may be affected by the grooming process. You understand that shaving a matted dog may reveal pre-existing skin conditions that were unable to be identified prior to shaving and that The Canine Corner is not responsible for issues that are revealed by or arise due to shaving a matted dog including skin irritations, poor hair re-growth, coat color changes, nicks to moles or skin growths, aural hematomas and any behavioral changes. In the event mats are found, you authorize your stylist to shave the matted area(s).

You agree that The Canine Corner is not responsible for allergic reactions resulting from the manufacturer-recommended usage of any products. Please consult your veterinarian prior to having your dog groomed if you have any questions concerning your dog's sensitivity to such grooming products.

Your dog will be dried using a kennel dryer, velocity dryer and/or stand dryer. If you have a specific request for a drying method, it is your responsibility to advise us. Your dog will be tethered during the service. If we feel the safety or well-being of your dog and/or a groomer is at risk, a muzzle may be used or we may refuse or discontinue service.

Grooming is accepted by client upon picking up of dog. If there are any issues, questions or additional grooming or adjustments that is desired, it is necessary to bring to The Canine Corner attention at that time. It is assumed that grooming meets client satisfaction once client has checked out and left facility.

AUTHORIZATION, ACKNOWLEDGMENT and WAIVER

I, as owner and/or authorized guardian of dog(s) assigned to my online account in PetExec, acknowledge and agree to the above terms of service. The terms of service are herein noted as a Service Agreement between the owner/guardian and The Canine Corner. The Service Agreement encompasses heirs, dependents, successors, and anyone authorized (within PetExec Personal Info in Account Details, by email or by phone) to pick up or drop off your dog, and the staff at The Canine Corner. I have read and understood the above terms of service and agree to said terms of service and Service Agreement.



